Github pages (#31)
Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts: doc/src/examples/reentrancy-guard.md

## Overview

This example shows how you can use the [non_reentrant](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/security/reentrancy-guard)
modifier to prevent reentrancy into certain functions. In this example we will create two contracts:

- `my_flipper_guard` - this contract is the simple version of [flipper](https://github.com/paritytech/ink/tree/master/examples/flipper)
  but method `flip` will be marked with `non_reentrant` modifier + we will add additional method, also marked
  with `non_reentrant`, which will ask another contract to call `flip` of our `flipper`.

> - `flip_on_me` - is a contract which has only one method `flip_on_me`. This method will try to call `flip` on caller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `flip_on_me` is a contract which has the only method `flip_on_me`. This method will try to call `flip` on the caller
```

  (it means that caller must be a contract with method `flip`).

## MyFlipper

### Steps

> 1. Include dependencies `reentrancy-guard` and `brush` in cargo file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Include dependencies to `reentrancy-guard` and `brush` in cargo file.
```

```

3. Declare storage struct and declare the field for `ReentrancyGuardStorage` trait. Then you need to
   derive `ReentrancyGuardStorage` trait and mark the field with `#[ReentrancyGuardStorageField]` attribute. Deriving
   this trait allows you to use `non_reentrant` modifier.

```rust
#[ink(storage)]
#[derive(Default, ReentrancyGuardStorage)]
pub struct MyFlipper {
    #[ReentrancyGuardStorageField]
    guard: ReentrancyGuardData,
    value: bool,
}
```

4. After that you can add `non_reentrant` modifier to `flip` and `call_flip_on_me` methods.

```rust
impl MyFlipper {
    #[ink(constructor)]
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        Self::default()
    }

    #[ink(message)]
    pub fn get_value(&self) -> bool {
        self.value
    }

    #[ink(message)]
    #[brush::modifiers(non_reentrant)]
    pub fn flip(&mut self) {
        self.value = !self.value;
    }

    #[ink(message)]
    #[modifiers(non_reentrant)]
    pub fn call_flip_on_me(&mut self, callee: AccountId) {
        // This method will do a cross-contract call to callee account. It calls method `flip_on_me`.
        // Callee contract during execution of `flip_on_me` will call `flip` of this contract.

>         // `call_flip_on_me` and `flip` is marked with `non_reentrant` modifier. It means,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // `call_flip_on_me` and `flip` are marked with `non_reentrant` modifier. It means,
```

>         // that call of `flip` after `call_flip_on_me` must fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // that call of `flip` after `call_flip_on_me` must fail.
```

        let mut flipper: CallerOfFlip = FromAccountId::from_account_id(callee);
        flipper.flip_on_me();
    }
}
```

> 5. To simplify cross contract call to `FlipOnMe` contract let's create a wrapper around contract's account id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To simplify cross contract call to `FlipOnMe` contract let's create a wrapper around the contract's account id.
```

>    For that we will define another contract in this crate with `#[ink_lang::contract(compile_as_dependency = true)]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For that, we will define another contract in this crate with `#[ink_lang::contract(compile_as_dependency = true)]`
```

>    with empty methods but with the same signature as in original contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and empty methods but with the same signature as in the original contract.
```

```rust

> /// It is stub implementation of contract with method `flip_on_me`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// This is a stub implementation of contract with method `flip_on_me`.
```

/// We need this implementation to create a wrapper around account id of contract.

> /// With this wrapper we easy can call method of some contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// With this wrapper, we can easily call methods of some contract.
```

/// Example:
/// ```
/// let mut flipper: CallerOfFlip = FromAccountId::from_account_id(callee);
/// flipper.flip_on_me();
/// ```
#[ink_lang::contract(compile_as_dependency = true)]
pub mod flip_on_me {
    #[ink(storage)]
    pub struct CallerOfFlip {}

    impl CallerOfFlip {
        #[ink(constructor)]
        pub fn new() -> Self {
            unimplemented!()
        }
    }

    impl CallerOfFlip {
        #[ink(message)]
        pub fn flip_on_me(&mut self) {
            unimplemented!()
        }
    }
}
```

## FlipOnMe

> It's a simple contract which doesn't use any logic from the brush, so you can use simple ink! here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a simple contract that doesn't use any logic from the OpenBrush, so you can use simple ink! here.
```

### Steps

1. Define `FlipOnMe` contract. It has the only method `flip_on_me`, which will call `flip` on caller.

```rust
#[ink_lang::contract]
pub mod flip_on_me {
    use ink_env::call::FromAccountId;
    use my_flipper_guard::my_flipper_guard::MyFlipper;

    #[ink(storage)]
    #[derive(Default)]
    pub struct FlipOnMe {}

    impl FlipOnMe {
        #[ink(constructor)]
        pub fn new() -> Self {
            Self::default()
        }

        #[ink(message)]
        pub fn flip_on_me(&mut self) {
            let caller = self.env().caller();

>             // This method will do a cross-contract call to caller account. It will try to call `flip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // This method does a cross-contract call to caller contract and calls the `flip` method.
```

            let mut flipper: MyFlipper = FromAccountId::from_account_id(caller);
            flipper.flip();
        }
    }
}
```

> 2. To simplify cross contract call to `MyFlipper` you need to import the contract as dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To simplify cross-contract call to `MyFlipper` you need to import the contract with `ink-as-dependency` feature.
```

```rust
[dependencies]
...

my_flipper_guard = { path = "../flipper", default - features = false, features = ["ink-as-dependency"] }

...
[features]
...
```

## Testing

> For testing, you can run according [integration test](tests/reentrancy-guard.tests.ts). Or you need to deploy both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing, you can run the [integration test](tests/reentrancy-guard.tests.ts), or you can deploy both
```

contracts and call `call_flip_on_me` on `MyFlipper`

> account and pass the account id of `FlipOnMe` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
account providing account id of `FlipOnMe` contract as an argument.
```
